
##TODO
# Analysis of existing products: the students will collect and analyse examples of interactive devices aimed to facilitate sustainable mobility. These examples will be evaluated by an analytic procedure and used to create a design library (2 weeks).

### 1 day
# human-computer interaction
design evaluate and implement 
interactive computing system for humans

#what is an interface 
a point where two systems meet and interact

#User-centered design
user requirements define how an interface works wich runs the design of the technology.

#online resources
sigchi.org
id-book.com
baddesigng.com
interaction-design.org

### 2 day

#Quality metrics 
- Usability 
- User experience

Interaction design -> the process to design a product to support the way people communicate.

###
*Usability* how to use a product with
	effectiveness 	(number of errors)
	efficiency 		(time to do things)
	satisfaction	(effort put in the process)
in a specified context of use.

Usability is a quality attribute.

# Quality dimensions
- Learnability  --> how easy is it the fist approach?
- Efficiency 	--> once learned, how quickly can the tasks be performed?
- Memorability 	--> afte a period of time, how easy can be the return on the product?
- Errors 		--> how many, how severe and how easy to recover are they?
- Satisfaction 	--> ¬ annoying, ¬ frustrating, ¬discomfortable

Quality = absence of problems 

#hierarchy of consumer needs

  ***	--> pleasure, beauty, not only functional benefits also emotional ones
 *****	--> usability, easy to use
******* --> functionality, the functionalities for the product to be useful
###

*User experience* psychological response to the interaction with computing systems.
no problems + good design.
based on:
	individual predispositions. --> attitudes
	type of interactive system. --> purpose
	contextual dependencies.    --> task and environment

   ***		--> utility, useful to me?
  *****		--> usability, easy to use?
 *******	--> desirability, want to be used?
*********	--> brand experience, trust on the brand?

#design metrics
- Usability 	--> easy to use
- Aesthetics	--> fist sensorial impact
- Symbolism		--> meanings and asociations of the system
- Positive		--> good design
- Holistic		--> pragmatic
- Subjective	--> part of usability can be measure, performance and tasks

# user-centred design
identify needs and requirements <--> design <--> build an interactive version -->
evaluate--^----------------------------^----> final product
evaluate at every step of the construction


#online resources
useit.com

